docs: create CLI update procedure (#625)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/update-cli.md

# Update OpenAPI CLI

> If you've already installed OpenAPI CLI, you'll want to keep it as shiny and up to date as possible. Staying on top of versions also ensures that you get the latest functionality and bug fixes, as well as the most recent Redocly configuration file. A must-have!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've already installed OpenAPI CLI, you'll want to keep it as up to date as possible. Staying on top of versions ensures that you get the latest functionalities and bug fixes.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting this change because we're unnecessarily focusing on the config file. The current text somehow implies that the file is always changing, which is not true and may confuse the users.

:::success Tip
Ensure you have the latest version of npm before you begin.
:::

Navigate to your local `openapi-starter` folder and open `package.json` in any text editor.

> Find the line that contains `"@redocly/openapi-cli":` followed by the version number. Change the version number to the latest one in the Changelog, save the changes and close `package.json`.

Reviewer: suggestion: could we please link to the changelog? https://redocly.com/docs/cli/changelog/

To install the latest OpenAPI CLI version, run this command in the root of your local `openapi-starter` folder:

```shell Command

> npm i -g @redocly/openapi-cli@latest

Reviewer: Right. I think we're mixing two different ways to update here, which might be my fault because I didn't explain this clearly enough to @JodyWinter. I usually update OpenAPI CLI just by running this `@latest` command from anywhere, but that's because I have it installed globally. 

So I suggest we split the text into these two ways to update: 

1. Global (for people who installed it globally, and can just run the command from anywhere); 
2. openapi-starter (for people who installed it from the openapi-starter template and need to modify the package.json file).

Would that make sense?

# Update Redocly CLI

If you've already installed Redocly CLI, you'll want to keep it as up to date as possible. Staying on top of versions ensures that you get the latest functionality and bug fixes. Depending on how you originally installed Redocly CLI, there are two ways to update it.

## How to update a project-level installation

> If you installed Redocly CLI using the [openapi-starter template](https://github.com/Redocly/openapi-starter) follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you installed Redocly CLI in your project's npm dependencies follow these steps:
```

> 1. Navigate to and open `package.json` in any text editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to your project root directory and open `package.json` in any text editor.
```

> # Update OpenAPI CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Update Redocly CLI
```
The name has changed (and needs to be updated throughout this page).

If you've already installed OpenAPI CLI, you'll want to keep it as up to date as possible. Staying on top of versions ensures that you get the latest functionality and bug fixes. Depending on how you originally installed OpenAPI CLI, there are two ways to update it.

> :::success Tip
> Before you begin, ensure that you have the latest version of npm installed.
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is not advised.

> ## How to update your openapi-starter installation

Reviewer 2: I don't think this heading is correct. The openapi-starter is a template. Any repository can have a package installation.

> ## How to update a project-level installation

> If you installed OpenAPI CLI using the [openapi-starter template](https://github.com/Redocly/openapi-starter) follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: This should be about project-level installations. Not about the openapi-starter template. Anyone can add a project-level installation in other ways too. 

Example: https://github.com/Rebilly/api-definitions/blob/main/package.json#L5

1. Navigate to and open `package.json` in any text editor.

> 2. Find the line that contains `"@redocly/openapi-cli":` followed by the version number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Find the line that contains `"@redocly/cli":` followed by the version number.
```

> 3. Change the version number to the latest one in the [Changelog](https://redocly.com/docs/cli/changelog/).

Reviewer 2: Use relative links when possible.

```suggestion
3. Change the version number to the latest one in the [Changelog](./changelog.md).
```

> 4. Save the changes then close `package.json`.

Reviewer: I think they'll have to run `npm install` after step 4, right?

Reviewer 2: Yes, and one more step to commit the `package-lock.json` to the git repository.

Reviewer 2: So to confirm:
```suggestion
4. Save the changes then close `package.json`.
5. Run `npm install` from the project's root directory on the command line.
6. Commit the changed `package.json` and `package-lock.json` files to your Git repository.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Confirming project-level installation is different form global installation. It will need an example of how to do that here.

```suggestion
Check the project-level installation by running this command from the project's root directory: `npx redocly --version`.
```

## How to update your global installation

> If you [installed OpenAPI CLI globally](./docs/installation.md), run this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you [installed OpenAPI CLI globally](./installation.md), run this command:
```

```shell Command

> npm i -g @redocly/openapi-cli@latest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
npm i -g @redocly/cli@latest
```

```

> No matter how you update OpenAPI CLI, you can check your version by running any command with the `--version` option, such as `openapi bundle --version` or `openapi lint --version`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No matter how you update OpenAPI CLI, you can check your version by running `redocly --version`.
```
